Welcome back to our recipe book Corsair.
We already added a lot of features to it.
Now I went to add forums.
We have two places where we need to add forms when we create a new recipe or edit the recipe in the
recipe editor component and the shopping list here.
We already are able to add elements to the shopping list but we can handle this in a better way through
a forum and then I also want to make these buttons here work.
The forum for the recipe as soon as we can create new ones.
I also want to make that delete button work.
Let's start with the shopping list for him in the next lectures here.
I want to use a template driven approach and certainly feel free to go ahead and try implementing this
on your own.
But there are a couple of different approaches of implementing it so probably we won't have the same
solution in the next lecture.
We'll start together and I will show you my approach